what a fucking load of bullshit how the
fuck does someone get two-minute penalty
for getting a spare fucking wheel for me
today do you see I stands for and
competent cunts incorporated two fucking
minutes in the gyro two fucking minutes
to know how much of a crew Mia impact
that can potentially be two fucking
minutes to fucking meant how the fuck
who the fuck rights is fucking stupid
rules is a some fucked up a hole from
the user I had a fuck do you lose two
minutes man in the Jura trivially a
rider gets a flattop other night follows
like a writing us a flat tire and he's
ten cars around whatever fucking reason
that happen so another Aussie from
another team because hey look have more
we'll get the Roper no worries me so old
maid gives him a wheel from greenedge
st. Simon Clarke is Richard port ten sky
a wheel he goes on the road no
disadvantage to the guise of the road
advantage is it just get some wheel and
gets back in the fucking race you
fucking there to fucking race you're not
down to fucking loser race because
you're so lucky got a fucking flat so
the organizers who want to encourage
sportsmanship not a fucking don't they
honor below what the fuck who writes
these fucked up rules and a who keeps
the worst thing is not who he fucking
not the fuck hetero these rules the
fucking idiots to keep these rules in
practice how the fuck does that happen
they're like what you trying to clean
sport up the road account opening and
then you have a fucking cut through all
this well so itchy you've trained a lot
you dedicate a lot you're sucker for
slaton trying to do no sorry mate two
minutes got a flat love bad luck bad
fucking luck Richie and he goes what if
I can clean up doping in sport and he's
seeing you know as a fucking load of
bullshit man and a spectators don't
wanna see this shit spectators want to
see a fucking battle on boys I want to
see the spectators I'm honestly doping I
want to see 7 watts per kilo after five
hours of fucking racing and a suspect as
you want to see that I don't want to see
people getting losin races because the
flat tires men or getting penalties in
size they want to see someone get a flat
bridge the fucking gap attack on some
fuck in front that's what we want to
fucking see all right let's be honest
let's be real
however people do that so let's do it
but we are going to see writers fucking
crashing each other that's fucking wrong
that's shit's dangers fucked up no place
that fuck it off we don't see people
losing races to get a flat we obviously
people having big crash into losing
races either so it's a fucked up world
needs to fucking change you see you I
get your head out your fucking ass do
your fucking job make the sport better
make it fucking better don't just
fucking do it do it fucking right
fair trade organic
you